Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Jon: THREE...
Narrator: "MYTHBUSTERS...
...TWO...
...IS BACK!
...ONE!
¶¶
[ LAUGHS ]
A DYNAMIC DUO...
OH!
[ LAUGHS ]
...A STATE-OF-THE-ART
DESERT HQ...
[ LAUGHS ]
COME HERE!
HO HO!
...AND AN EXPLOSIVE MENU...
THAT COULD GET NOISY.
...OF ALL-NEW MYTHS.
[ GUNSHOT ]
¶¶
THAT WAS A HECK OF A FART.
ON "THE SEARCH," NEW YORK
PRODUCT DESIGNER JON LUNG...
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET OUT THERE
AND JUST [IMITATES EXPLOSION]
...TEXAN BIOLOGIST AND
MASTER BUILDER BRIAN LOUDEN...
LET THE SCIENCE BEGIN!
YEAH!
...AND HIS BEST FRIEND, BO,
PROVED IN A TRIAL BY MYTH...
WE ARE GOOD TO GO.
Narrator: ...THEY HAD WHAT
IT TAKES TO TEST TALL TALES.
PLEASE WELCOME THE NEXT
GENERATION OF MYTHBUSTERS!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
Narrator:
AND SO BEGINS THE NEXT CHAPTER.
¶¶
BRIAN AND JON KICK OFF
WITH AN AIRBAG DISASTER.
SPEED -- 26 MILES PER HOUR.
BOOM!
THIS MYTH IS ABOUT WHETHER
OR NOT HAVING YOUR FEET
ON THE DASHBOARD...
BOOM!
...TURNS YOUR COLLISION...
BAM!
[ IMITATES EXPLOSION ]
...INTO SOMETHING LETHAL.
THAT WAS PERFECT.
Narrator: AND...
SELFIE STICK!
Narrator:
...A ROCKET-POWERED SWORD.
Jon:
WE'RE TESTING IF A WEAPON
CAN SLICE THROUGH
A VILLAIN'S NECK...
NOW, THAT'S A KNIFE.
...WITH SUCH FORCE
AND PRECISION...
WELCOME TO
THE DANGER ZONE.
...THAT HIS HEAD STAYS ON
HIS SHOULDERS AND DOESN'T MOVE.
FLAMES EVERYWHERE!
-- Captions by VITAC --
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
¶¶
Narrator: FIRST UP,
A MYTH BASED ON THE PARADOX
OF A LIFE-SAVING BOMB.
EVERY MODERN CAR HAS ONE
RIGHT THERE IN THE DASH
PRIMED TO GO OFF UPON IMPACT.
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
THEY SAVE DRIVERS' LIVES
EVERY DAY.
BUT THE MYTH IS THAT AN AIRBAG
HAS ENOUGH FORCE
TO PUT A LAID-OUT PASSENGER
IN MORTAL DANGER.
ARE YOU REALLY RISKING YOUR LIFE
PUTTING YOUR FEET UP?
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
BRIAN AND JON
STRAP IN TO FIND OUT.
THIS ONE'S INTERESTING.
I'VE ALWAYS WONDERED ABOUT IT.
RIGHT? I MEAN,
HOW COULD AN AIRBAG
GO FROM SAVING YOUR LIFE
WHILE YOU'RE SITTING LIKE THIS
TO KILLING YOU
WHEN YOU DO THAT?
THAT'S WHAT WE NEED
TO FIND OUT.
I MEAN, THINK ABOUT IT.
IT'S LIKE A BOMB IN
YOUR FACE READY TO GO OFF.
MAYBE THAT'S WHERE
WE SHOULD START --
BLOW A FEW
OF THESE THINGS UP
AND SEE HOW MUCH
FORCE THEY EXERT.
BLOW THINGS UP?
I'M IN.
¶¶
HERE WE GO.
OLD COUNTERSTEER.
[ IMITATES TIRES SCREECHING ]
[ WHIMPERING ]
¶¶
HELLO, LADIES.
[ CLICKS TONGUE ]
I LIKE THAT I --
HI, BO!
OH, I WAS TALKING TO YOU!
OH, HI, BO!
[ LAUGHS ]
THIS IS OUR TEST VEHICLE.
IT'S SLIGHTLY MODIFIED
FOR TV PURPOSES.
WAIT. I GOT -- OH.
I GOT IT.
¶¶
[ LAUGHS ]
BUT IT HAS
ALL THE PARTS WE NEED.
IT'S GOT THE SEAT, THE DASH
WITH THE AIRBAG IN IT.
A QUICK
MYTHBUSTERS-CUSTOM SUNROOF'S
GONNA LET OUR HIGH-SPEED
GET A GREAT VIEW INSIDE HERE.
AH!
GOOD OLD CARDBOARD CARS.
FANTASTIC.
THIS IS WHAT WE'RE GONNA USE
FOR OUR FIRST
FEET-ON-THE DASHBOARD TEST.
Narrator: TO BEGIN TO DIAL IN
ON THE LETHALITY
OF PLACING YOUR FEET
ON THE DASHBOARD...
AIRBAG'S ALL WIRED UP.
...WITH BUSTER...
CURRENTLY RESTING IN "PIECES,"
THE GUYS RECRUIT
A STAND-IN SIMULAID...
THIS IS BEYOND
VALET SERVICE.
[ Laughing ] YEAH.
...TO SIT IN THE HOT SEAT.
[ THUD ]
OOPS. SORRY.
HOW OFTEN HAVE YOU SEEN THIS?
YOU'RE ON A SUMMER ROAD TRIP.
THE SUN'S OUT.
THE WINDOW'S DOWN.
YOUR HAIR'S BLOWING
AROUND IN THE WIND.
YOUR HAIR'S A MESS.
I'M AWFULLY JEALOUS.
[ LAUGHS ]
WELL, I'M SURE
SHE WON'T NEED IT
AFTER WE'RE DONE
WITH THIS TEST.
GOOD. I'M GOING OUT TONIGHT.
[ LAUGHS ]
AND YOUR LEGS
ARE KIND OF CRAMPED,
SO YOU PUT THEM UP ON THE DASH.
BUT WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU GET INTO
A LOW-SPEED FENDER BENDER,
LIKE 20, 30 MILES AN HOUR,
AND THE AIRBAG DEPLOYS?
¶¶
LET'S GO CRASH THE CAR.
OH, LET'S.
Narrator: THEIR PRELIMINARY TEST
SETUP IS READY TO ROLL.
THE AIRBAG IS
REMOTE-CONTROL-RIGGED TO RESPOND
AS IF IT'S
IN A LOW-SPEED IMPACT...
AND THE CAR SET UP FOR
THE CAMERAS TO GET A GOOD VIEW.
I THINK WE'RE ABOUT TO SEE
SOME EXTREME YOGA.
LIKE...PBHT!
¶¶
FEET ON TOP OF DASHBOARD
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
OOH!
OH!
¶¶
OH.
I SAW HER LEG JUST SHOOT
OUT THE ENTIRE DOOR.
IT JUST WENT "PBHT"!
YEAH.
Jon: ONE.
OH, MAN. I DON'T REMEMBER HER
LEG LOOKING LIKE THAT, RIGHT?
YEAH.
HOW'S THE OTHER LEG?
OH!
WHAT?
IT'S IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT.
[ LAUGHS ]
¶¶
OH, MY GOSH.
OH, WATCHING IT
IN REVERSE.
IT'S LIKE THE PARTY HORNS.
[ IMITATES HORN BLOWING ]
BUT IT'S A FOOT
THAT COMES OUT.
THAT'S NASTY.
[ HORN BLOWS ]
Narrator: THAT'S
A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF FORCE,
AND IT'S CLEAR THERE'S
SOMETHING TO THIS MYTH.
¶¶
THE QUESTION IS,
WOULD IT BE DEADLY?
¶¶
BUT FIRST, CUE MYTH NUMBER TWO.
[ EERIE MUSIC PLAYS ]
WHAT'D I MISS?
DUDE, THERE'S A VAMPIRE
IN THE HOUSE,
AND THE GUY'S HIDING
IN A BATHROOM WITH A SWORD.
¶¶
OH!
HE JUST CLEAN THROUGH
THAT DUDE,
AND HIS HEAD
DIDN'T MOVE AN INCH.
WAIT FOR IT.
AND HEAD ON THE GROUND.
[  THUD ]
OH, THAT'S AWESOME!
BUT DO YOU THINK
THAT COULD ACTUALLY HAPPEN
IN REAL LIFE,
YOU KNOW?
LIKE, CUT A BAD GUY IN HALF,
BUT HE DOESN'T MOVE AN INCH.
HE JUST FLOPS IN TWO.
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO FIND OUT.
WE HAVE GOT TO TEST THIS.
[ SWORD SLASHES, WOMAN SCREAMS ]
¶¶
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH THAT GUY?
¶¶
Jon: THIS CLASSIC MOVIE TROPE
IS SO COMMON
THAT IT HAS ITS OWN NAME --
DELAYED CAUSALITY.
SO WHETHER IT'S A ZOMBIE
OR A MONSTER
OR SOME GENERIC
BAD GUY McBADDERSON,
GETS HIT WITH A BLADE
WITH SO MUCH FORCE
THAT HIS BODY DOESN'T MOVE
UNTIL IT SLIDES APART.
SO, SCHWINK!
HOLD FOR DRAMATIC PAUSE.
¶¶
[ IMITATES THUD ]
THAT'S WHAT I CALL
A NIGHT AT THE MOVIES.
Narrator: TO BEGIN THEIR
DECAPITATION DELIBERATIONS,
BRIAN AND JON HAVE ENLISTED
WEAPONS-WIELDING EXPERT
R.J. McKEEHAN.
WHEN IT COMES TO SWORDPLAY...
OH, HE DEAD.
...R.J. IS A CHAMPION.
OH, GEEZ.
HE COMPETES IN AND WINS
HISTORICAL MARTIAL-ARTS
CUTTING COMPETITIONS.
¶¶
WE'RE GONNA START
WITH YOUR SWORD
ALL THE WAY
OVER YOUR HEAD.
ALL RIGHT.
AND TO HELP TEST
THIS HOLLYWOOD TALL TALE,
HE HAS THREE KEY TAKEAWAYS.
YOU'RE GONNA NEED
PROPER EXTENSION OF THE ARMS,
YOU'RE GONNA NEED SPEED,
AND YOU'RE GONNA NEED
EDGE ALIGNMENT.
¶¶
IT TAKES A WHILE
AND A FEW CAMERAS...
DID I GET YOU?
ARE YOU OKAY?
OOH!
THIS IS ALMOST PERFECT.
Narrator:
...BUT BEFORE LONG...
PRETTY GOOD.
A LITTLE TINY BIT OF WOBBLE.
...R.J.'s INSTRUCTION
HAS BRIAN...
ALL RIGHT,
WHAT'S NEXT?
...AND JON...
¶¶
[ LAUGHS ]
BANANA DROP.
...TAKING OUT BAD-DUDE FOOD
WITH ONE CLEAN SLICE.
¶¶
FRUIT SALAD FOR EVERYONE!
CHEERS.
[ LAUGHS ]
CAN'T EVEN TASTE THE SWORD.
IT'S LITERALLY
THE FRUITS OF OUR LABOR.
COMING UP, WITH BUSTER
ON SICK LEAVE,
THE AIRBAG ANOMALY
GETS AN ANATOMICAL UPGRADE.
OOH!
[ LAUGHS ]
AND THE DECAPITATION
INVESTIGATION...
THREE...
...TAKES OFF.
...TWO, ONE.
¶¶
Narrator:
TO CONTINUE THE RICH, VARIED,
AND EXPLOSIVE
15-YEAR MYTHBUSTING LEGACY,
BRIAN AND JON COMPETED
AND EARNED THEIR PLACE
ON "THE SEARCH."
IT'S EXPLOSIONS.
IT'S "MYTHBUSTERS."
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
AND I WANT IT TO LAST FOREVER.
Narrator: FROM A SIDEWAYS
EJECTION SEAT...
[ ALL CHEERING ]
FIRE!
...TO A MEDIEVAL
JUNKYARD CATAPULT...
AND EVEN
DUCT TAPE BOAT SHOES...
"HE'S REALLY DOING IT."
...THEY DISPLAYED THE DESIGN
AND BUILD SKILLS,
THE ENERGY, ENTHUSIASM,
AND LEADERSHIP
TO BEAT EIGHT OTHER HOPEFULS...
Kyle: BRIAN. JON.
...AND PROVE THEY HAD
WHAT IT TAKES.
AND SO,
THE NEW CHAPTER HAS BEGUN
WITH A CAR-CRASH CATASTROPHE
AND DELAYED DECAPITATION.
WE'RE TESTING THE MOVIE TROPE
ABOUT DELAYED CAUSALITY.
THAT'S IF A WEAPON CAN SLICE
THROUGH A VILLAIN'S NECK
WITH SUCH FORCE THAT HIS HEAD
STAYS ON HIS SHOULDERS
UNTIL IT SLIDES APART.
FOR THE SWING,
IT'S ALL ABOUT TWO THINGS --
FORCE AND CONTACT AREA...
BECAUSE PRESSURE
IS FORCE DIVIDED BY AREA.
IMAGINE GETTING SLAPPED
IN THE FACE BY A HAND.
OH!
THE AREA OF THE HAND'S
RATHER LARGE,
SO THE PRESSURE'S NOT THAT MUCH.
BUT IF YOU TURN THE HAND
INTO A BLADE
AND APPLY THE SAME
AMOUNT OF FORCE,
WELL, THEN THE PRESSURE
INCREASES DRAMATICALLY
BECAUSE THE CONTACT AREA
IS MUCH SMALLER.
SO THE SMALLER THE CONTACT AREA,
THE BETTER AND MORE EFFECTIVE
THE CUT IS.
Narrator:
THEIR BLADE IS SHARP...
THE CONTACT AREA IS
AS SMALL AS POSSIBLE...
Jon: WE HAVE A WEAPON.
SELFIE STICK!
Narrator:
...MEANING THE ONLY VARIABLE
IS THE FORCE OF THE SWING.
AND NOW IT'S ALL ABOUT SPEED.
HALF-SPEED SWORD TEST
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
Brian:
THAT WAS A GOOD CUT, MAN.
BUT IT PUSHED IT
A LOT TO THE SIDE.
Jon: YEAH.
THE MORE TIME
MY BLADE SPENDS
IN CONTACT
WITH THE ZOMBIE'S NECK,
THERE'LL BE MORE MOVEMENT.
SO WE WANT THE BLADE TO PASS
THROUGH THE ZOMBIE FASTER,
WHICH MEANS LESS MOVEMENT.
IN TRANSLATION,
WE NEED MORE SPEED.
YOU READY
FOR THE FULL SPEED, JON?
OH, YEAH.
HERE WE GO.
¶¶
FULL-SPEED TEST
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
VERY NICE.
MM.
SO, OUR SPEED TESTS WEREN'T
SPECTACULARLY CONCLUSIVE.
I DID A HALF-SPEED SWING.
I DID A FULL-SPEED SWING.
AND A FASTER SWING
MEANS LESS CONTACT TIME,
WHICH SHOULD MEAN LESS MOVEMENT.
BUT IT'S STILL HARD TO TELL
WITH THE HIGH-SPEED CAMERA.
BUT ONE THING'S FOR SURE --
HUMAN SPEEDS JUST AREN'T
GONNA CUT IT -- LITERALLY.
BUT THE MYTH IS WHETHER A
DRAMATIC PAUSE IS POSSIBLE EVER.
SO THE NEXT STEP IS TO BUILD
A SWORD-SWINGING RIG
TO GIVE US SUPER-HUMAN SPEEDS.
¶¶
Narrator:
BACK AT CAR-CRASH CENTRAL...
Jon: WHOA!
OOH!
OH!
...BRIAN AND JON
HAVE DISCOVERED
THAT A PASSENGER WITH THEIR FEET
ON TOP OF THE DASH IS IN DANGER.
EVERYTHING'S OKAY.
GOT HER!
BUT IS IT, AS THE MYTH
WOULD SUGGEST...
YOU GOT IT?
...MORTAL DANGER?
BEFORE THEY LOOK AT LETHALITY
IN A ROAD TEST...
IT'S A SHAME REGULAR MEDICINE
ISN'T THIS EASY.
RIGHT?
...THEY'RE DOING
A QUICK RESET.
Brian:
LAST AIRBAG DEPLOYMENT
WAS A FAIR AMOUNT
OF DESTRUCTION.
GOOD AS NEW.
LEGS WENT FLYING EVERYWHERE.
BUT THIS TIME,
I EXPECT THOSE LEGS --
THEY'RE PROJECTILES
STRAIGHT TO THE FACE.
Narrator: YEP.
BRIAN THINKS HAVING YOUR FEET
FLAT AGAINST THE DASH
WOULD JETTISON YOUR KNEES
INTO YOUR FACE...
JUST...
[ LAUGHS ]
...MEANING IT'S THE MOST LIKELY
POSITION TO CAUSE A FATALITY.
DAMN IT.
DO WE HAVE ANY GRIP TAPE?
READY?
YOUR MYTHBUSTERS
MANICURE SERVICE.
WE GET RID OF YOUR CORNS,
AND THEN PUT YOU IN A CAR
AND SET OFF THE AIRBAG.
I'M SURPRISED
MORE PEOPLE DON'T CALL.
BEAUTIFUL.
THERE WE GO.
OKAY. WHEW!
TEST TWO
WITH FEET AGAINST THE DASH
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
OH! OOH!
OH!
ONCE AGAIN, IT'S CARNAGE
IN THE HALF CAR.
LOOK AT THIS.
OH!
WHETHER IT WAS ANY WORSE
IS DIFFICULT TO TELL,
BUT IT'S CLEAR THE MYTH IS
HEADING IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION.
...ONE.
OH!
OOH!
OH, NO.
Jon: WHEN WE WATCHED THE AIRBAG
DEPLOY IN REAL TIME,
NOT TOO BAD.
BUT THEN WE WATCHED
THE HIGH-SPEED,
AND IT'S A COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT STORY.
THE AIRBAG GOES OFF.
WE CAN SEE FROM HER TOES --
JUST SLOWLY CURLED BACK,
AND YOU CAN JUST ALMOST IMAGINE
THE SOUND OF BONE
AND MEAT CRUSHING AND TEARING
AS IT GOES [IMITATING TEARING]
AND THEY FOLD BACK,
AND YOU THINK THAT IT'S OVER,
BUT IT'S NOT, BECAUSE
THEN THEY SWING OUT THIS WAY.
[ IMITATES EXPLOSION ]
AND THEY HIT THE FLOOR.
IT WAS HORRIFYING.
WANT TO GRAB
HER FEETSIES?
Narrator:
QUESTION IS, IS IT LETHAL?
FOR THAT,
THEY NEED TO STEP IT UP
IN THE STAND-IN BUSTER STAKES.
¶¶
MEET BOOMER.
Brian: I WORKED IN EMERGENCY
MEDICINE FOR OVER HALF A DECADE,
AND DURING THAT TIME,
I TAUGHT A NUMBER OF PARAMEDICS
USING ALL SORTS
OF HUMAN ANALOGUES.
¶¶
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
OKAY.
BUT WE HAVE SOMETHING HERE TODAY
THAT IS AS CLOSE
AS YOU CAN GET ON THIS ENTIRE
PLANET TO A HUMAN BEING
WITHOUT HAVING A HUMAN BEING.
YOU READY?
OOH. YEAH.
LET'S GO.
GO, GO, GO, GO,
GO, GO, GO.
READY?
AND I AM VERY EXCITED.
OOH!
[ Laughing ] OH!
[ LAUGHS ]
THIS IS A SynDaver,
A SYNTHETIC HUMAN CADAVER.
HERE YOU GO, SIR.
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE CAN
ACTUALLY GIVE IT INFECTIONS
FROM TOUCHING IT
WITH OUR BARE HANDS.
AND WHAT MAKES IT SO ACCURATE IS
THAT EVERY FIBER OF MUSCLE...
GIVE THE BICEPS
A SQUEEZE.
YOU CAN FEEL ALL THE LITTLE,
LIKE, INDIVIDUAL LAYERED MUSCLES
ON TOP OF ONE ANOTHER.
...EVERY BONE...
OH, YOU CAN FEEL
THE SKULL!
...EVERY ARTERY AND VEIN
INSIDE A HUMAN BEING...
THIS IS
SOME FRANKENSTEIN STYLE.
HIGH FIVE.
[ LAUGHS ]
...IS IN THIS FAKE CADAVER.
LOOK AT THIS.
LOOK AT THE TONGUE!
[ LAUGHS ]
I MEAN, IN TERMS
OF HUMAN INORGANIC ANALOGUES,
THIS IS AS GOOD
AS MONEY CAN BUY.
¶¶
Narrator:
BRIAN AND JON HAVE DETERMINED
THAT THE MOVIE MYTH
OF DELAYED CAUSALITY,
THE DRAMATIC PAUSE
AFTER A DECAPITATION...
Jon: YEAH, WE'RE KIND OF
TOPPING OUT
ON HOW MUCH YOU AND I
CAN SWING.
I THINK IT'S TIME
FOR PLAN B.
...REQUIRES A SWORD SWING
OF SUPERHUMAN SPEED.
¶¶
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
GONNA TORTURE SOMEONE.
IT'S A TUESDAY.
WHEN IT COMES TO BUILDING
PNEUMATICALLY-POWERED PISTONS,
BRIAN HAS HISTORY.
ALL THAT PRESSURE
FROM THE TANK
IS GONNA TAKE
THAT PROJECTILE
AND THE DOOR
RIGHT OFF THE CAR.
ON "THE SEARCH,"
HIS EJECTION SEAT
ESTABLISHED
HIS MYTHBUSTING CREDENTIALS.
SO WHEN IT COMES
TO YOUR EVERYDAY...
THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
THAT'LL WORK.
Narrator:
...NOT-DANGEROUS-AT-ALL...
SO, WHEN THIS GOES
"HOO! TSSHH"...
IT'LL GO "WA-PAH"!
...AIR-CANNON-POWERED SWORD,
HE'S YOUR MAN.
¶¶
ALL RIGHT.
WHO WANTS AN EXPLANATION?
WHAT MAKES A SWORD
CUT EFFICIENTLY
IS A PUSH AND A DRAW.
THE DRAW'S ACTUALLY THE ACTION
OF WHEN YOU PULL
THAT SWORD BACK,
AND IT HAS TO BE A 1:1 RATIO
FOR AN EFFECTIVE CUT.
SO THAT'S WHY I CAN'T JUST BUILD
A RIG WHERE IT GOES "BOOP!"
I NEED TO BUILD A RIG
THAT GOES "WOO."
¶¶
BRIAN'S PISTON WILL BE ATTACHED
TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS.
SO WHEN IT FIRES...
BANG.
...IT'LL GIVE US
THAT PERFECT SLICING MOTION.
BOOM!
Narrator: ON "THE SEARCH,"
JON PROVED HIS METTLE
WITH MEDIEVAL METAL WEAPONRY...
I CAN ALMOST TASTE THE CABBAGE.
Narrator: ...WINNING MVP
FOR HIS JUNKYARD CROSSBOW.
CONGRATS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
SO WHEN IT COMES TO
ASSEMBLING THE SWORD ARM
AND AIR-POWERED MUSCLE,
JON AND BRIAN ARE
THE MEAN-MACHINE DREAM TEAM.
GO.
YEAH, THAT'S HORRIFYING.
[ LAUGHS ]
IT RIDES WELL.
UH...
HORRIFYING, HORRIFYING.
WE DIDN'T EVEN PUT ANYTHING IN,
AND I'M SCARED ALREADY.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S TRY ONE MORE TIME.
¶¶
[ GASPS ]
[ Laughing ] IT'S GIVING ME
THE DEATH GIGGLES.
WHAT HAVE WE DONE?!
LET'S GO HOOK
THIS THING UP, MAN.
YEAH.
¶¶
Jon: OUR FIRST TEST WILL BE
TO GET THIS RIG
TO FIRE AT THE FASTEST SPEED
THAT I COULD SWING THE SWORD.
WE'RE DOING THAT TO SEE
IF THIS BLADE WILL GIVE US
A NICE, SMOOTH SWING.
[ AIR HISSING ]
ALL RIGHT, JON.
100 P.S.I. READY TO GO.
Jon: OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
YOUR FINGER'S ON THE TRIGGER?
I'M READY.
OKAY.
HUMAN SPEED BASELINE TEST
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
OH!
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
WELL, FIRSTLY...
YES.
SECONDLY, IT IS
JUST AS HORRIFYING
AS I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE.
I LOVE IT, MAN.
...ONE.
¶¶
Brian:
A MACHINE DOING THE JOB.
I WANT TO CRY AT IT.
IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL.
¶¶
THAT IS OUR SPEED.
THAT'S WHAT WE NEEDED.
OH. NICE.
WANT TO PUT A TARGET
IN IT?
OH, YEAH.
THIS IS HOW MYTHBUSTERS
PREP FOR A PICNIC.
WELCOME
TO THE DANGER ZONE.
[ AIR HISSES ]
Jon: HUMAN SPEED SWING TEST
WITH TARGET
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
[ GASPS ]
YOU SAW THE TOP
OF THAT WATERMELON
DO A CARTWHEEL, RIGHT?
¶¶
THE TOP OF THE WATERMELON
DIDN'T GET PUSHED FORWARD.
IT GOT CUT,
AND THEN IT WENT "BLOOP,"
AND THEN IT FELL OFF.
Narrator:
SO, THE RIG WORKS.
IT'S TIME TO TEST THE MYTH
WITH A MORE REALISTIC TARGET.
BALLISTICS GEL, AS ALWAYS,
IS SOFT TISSUE,
AND WE'VE INSERTED A DOWEL
TO REPRESENT BONES.
Narrator: THIS IS IT.
WITH THE AIR-PRESSURE-POWERED
RIG CHARGED TO MAXIMUM CAPACITY,
WILL IT CUT THE
BALLISTICS-GEL NECK SO CLEANLY
IT'LL PAUSE FOR DRAMATIC EFFECT?
¶¶
[ AIR HISSING ]
[ LAUGHS ]
¶¶
Brian: ALL RIGHT.
PERFECT.
OH!
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
IS EVERYONE BEHIND?
Man: MM-HMM.
OKAY.
YOU READY?
I'M READY.
"EVERYTHING WE GOT" TEST,
AND I MEAN EVERYTHING,
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
WELL...
[ SIGHS ]
LET'S GO TAKE A LOOK.
YEAH.
[ Laughing ] HOLY MOLY.
WHOA!
IT CUT THROUGH...
A GOOD PORTION.
OH.
WHOA!
DID SOME DAMAGE TO THE DOWEL,
BUT IT DIDN'T MAKE IT THROUGH.
THE COOL PART IS...
LOOK HOW CLEAN
THAT CUT IS.
¶¶
Narrator: THE HIGH-SPEED CAMERA
TELLS THE STORY.
¶¶
THE SWORD IS MOVING
AT 110 MILES PER HOUR.
IT SLICES CLEAN THROUGH
THE FLESH-LIKE BALLISTICS GEL.
BUT WHEN IT HITS THE DOWEL
REPRESENTING BONE...
SO, IT CATCHES THAT DOWEL,
AND IT'S PULLING EVERYTHING.
YEAH,
IT'S BEAUTIFULLY GRUESOME.
IT HITS IT SO HARD
THAT IT WRECKS THE WHOLE...
STAND AND ALL, MAN.
MM-HMM.
BUT ALL THE WAY
UP UNTIL THAT POINT,
IT'S
A COMPLETELY SMOOTH CUT.
THAT'S AS FAST AS THEIR AIR
CANNON CAN SWING THE SWORD.
AND THERE'S STILL NO SIGN
OF THE MYTHICAL CLEAN-CUT SLICE.
BUT THEY'RE NOT GIVING UP YET.
¶¶
Jon: YOU KNOW, IT'S REALLY
HARD TO FIND A PLACE
TO CRASH A CAR SAFELY,
BUT WE'VE HIT THE JACKPOT
HERE AT MOUNTAIN VALLEY AIRPORT
IN THE HIGH DESERTS
OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
THIS PLACE IS
ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS.
¶¶
COME ON, GIRL.
Narrator: TO FIND OUT IF PUTTING
YOUR FEET UP ON THE DASH
PUTS YOU IN MORTAL DANGER
FROM AN AIRBAG DEPLOYMENT,
BRIAN AND JON HAVE TO SET UP
A DRIVERLESS CAR CRASH.
THAT'LL DO.
YEAH.
STEP ONE
IS A TOW-RIG PULLEY SYSTEM.
¶¶
THAT'LL DEFINITELY HOLD.
I'VE GOT IT, GUYS!
STEP TWO, THE CRASHEE.
¶¶
STEP THREE, THE CRASHER.
SLOW!
¶¶
LOWER FORKS.
Brian: WE'RE ABOUT TO INSTALL
A TOW YOKE UNDER OUR VEHICLE.
¶¶
OOPS.
WIPER FLUID.
¶¶
Brian: THAT'S TWO ARMS
WELDED OUT FROM THE INSIDE
OF THE CONTROL ARM
WITH A CROSSBEAM,
TOW WIRE CONNECTED
IN THE MIDDLE.
WHOO!
[ SQUEAKING ]
OH, IT MAKES
ITS OWN NOISE.
[ SQUEAKING CONTINUES ]
THAT WAY, IF OUR CAR
BEGINS TO DEVIATE,
THE FORCE ON THAT TOW BEAM WILL
PULL IT RIGHT INTO OUR TARGET.
THIS IS 400 FEET OF STEEL CABLE
THAT WE'LL BE USING
TO PULL OUR CRASH VEHICLE
INTO THAT CRASH BARRIER.
NOW WE JUST GOT TO ROLL IT OUT.
THIS IS SOME KIND OF,
LIKE, CURLING.
WE'RE LIKE AN OLYMPIC...
WE'RE GONNA BE
OLYMPIC-LEVEL CABLE UNSPOOLERS.
[ BO BARKING ]
WHAT YOU DOING, BO?
[ LAUGHS ]
-OH.
-HERE WE GO.
OH, WELL, THIS IS GREAT.
GO.
Narrator: WITH A LITTLE HELP
FROM THEIR FOUR-LEGGED FRIEND,
THE CABLE IS LAID,
AND THE PULLEY SYSTEM RIGGED.
[ Deep voice ]
"I AM THE THING."
I AM THE THING THAT EATS
BREAKFAST SANDWICHES.
[ LAUGHS ]
BOTH CARS ARE IN PLACE.
GOOD TO GO.
CUE BOOMER, THE SPOOKILY
ACCURATE HUMAN ANALOGUE.
OH. OKAY.
LET'S GET HER SEAT BELT ON,
AND WE'LL SLIDE HER IN?
YEAH.
Brian: THIS IS A PRICY PIECE
OF EQUIPMENT
BECAUSE IT HAS BONES, VEINS,
WHICH MEANS WHEN
WE'RE DONE WITH THIS,
THE WAY WE EXAMINE IT
IS THE SAME
AS A REAL VICTIM IN A CRASH --
WE'LL BE X-RAYING IT.
TODAY, WE'RE LUCKY ENOUGH
TO HAVE X-RAY TECH MIKE CAIRNIE,
AS WELL AS ORTHOPEDIC SURGEON
DEVON JEFFCOAT.
THEY'RE GONNA GIVE
THE SynDavers AN EXAM,
SHOOT A COUPLE X-RAYS,
AND GIVE US THE RESULTS.
LAST-MINUTE BEAUTYING.
¶¶
EH.
OH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
¶¶
PERFECT.
THERE WE GO.
OUR FIRST TEST WITH THE
SynDaver -- FEET UP ON THE DASH.
WHAT DO I THINK'S GONNA HAPPEN?
SO, "WEEKEND AT BERNIE'S"
KIND OF SITUATION.
I THINK HER LEGS
ARE IN BIG TROUBLE,
AND I THINK HER FACE
IS IN TROUBLE.
BAM!
FOOT TO THE FACE.
Narrator:
BUT WILL IT BE LETHAL?
¶¶
THIS IS IT.
ABOUT TO HAVE SOME FUN.
¶¶
ALL RIGHT, JON.
TOW VEHICLE IS SET TO GO.
Narrator: WILL THE SIMPLE ACT
OF PLACING YOUR FEET ON THE DASH
TURN A LOW-SPEED FENDER BENDER
INTO A LIFE-ENDING BANG?
OKAY, BRIAN.
TEST ONE, FEET ON DASH...
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
5 MILES PER HOUR.
TOW RIG LOOKS GOOD
SO FAR.
OH, WAIT.
IS IT VEERING OFF?
12 MILES PER HOUR.
UH...
26 MILES PER HOUR.
¶¶
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED,
BRIAN!
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
[ Laughing ]
WHOO-HOO-HOO-HOO-HOO!
¶¶
YOU KNOW, IT WENT OFF
A LITTLE BIT, BUT AT THE END,
IT CAME RIGHT BACK,
HIT THE CAR.
¶¶
PERFECT DEPLOYMENT.
Brian:
DID THE YOKE WORK?
YEAH, THE YOKE WORKED
PRETTY WELL.
AH, HECK, YEAH, MAN.
WAIT. BUT WAIT.
I TOOK A SNEAK PEAK.
IT'S A LITTLE BIT GROSS.
YOU READY?
I'M READY FOR THIS.
OKAY.
LET'S GO.
Narrator: COMING UP...
BEFORE THEY ASSESS THE DAMAGE,
IT'S BACK TO THE SHOP.
IF THERE'S EVER BEEN A CASE
FOR "DO NOT TRY AT HOME,"
THIS WOULD BE IT.
ROCKETS PLUS SWORD EQUALS, UH...
DEATH, DISMEMBERMENT,
ALL-AROUND BAD DAY.
¶¶
...ONE.
[ LAUGHS ]
Narrator: BRIAN AND JON ARE
TESTING THE WELL-WORN MOVIE MYTH
THAT AFTER A GENERIC BAD GUY
IS DECAPITATED,
THERE'S A DRAMATIC PAUSE.
THE PROBLEM WE'RE HAVING
RIGHT NOW IS SPEED!
WE NEED MUCH MORE OF IT.
THAT CUT HAS TO HAPPEN SO FAST
THAT WE'RE BUILDING
A ROCKET SWORD.
Narrator: IT'S GOING TO BE
EXACTLY AS RIDICULOUS
AND DANGEROUS AS IT SOUNDS --
A MEDIEVAL
ROCKET-POWERED SWORD...
OH, YEAH.
TA-DA!
...DESIGNED TO DECAPITATE.
Jon: THE KEY TO GETTING MAXIMUM
SPEED OUT OF A ROCKET SLED
IS REDUCING THE WEIGHT
SO THE ROCKETS
DON'T HAVE TO PUSH A HEAVY LOAD
ACROSS THE 50 FEET OF OUR TRACK.
SO THAT'S WHY I'M MAKING THE RIG
AS MINIMAL AS POSSIBLE,
MAKING IT OUT OF ALUMINUM, WHICH
IS REALLY LIGHT AND STRONG..
WHOOSH!
YEAH, THAT'LL WORK.
Narrator: IN ADDITION
TO SETTING UP THE TRACK
ALONG WHICH THE ROCKET BLADE
WILL RUN...
ALL RIGHT.
ROCKET FORCE TEST
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
Narrator: ...BRIAN'S DOING
SOME ROCKET SCIENCE.
¶¶
THAT WAS A GREAT TEST
OF OUR ROCKET.
WE GOT ABOUT
23.8 NEWTONS OF FORCE.
Narrator: WHICH MEANS
WITH A SLED WEIGHING...
ABOUT 4 1/2 KILOGRAMS.
Narrator:
...AND ADJUSTING FOR FRICTION,
20 ROCKETS WILL SEND
THEIR SWORD FLYING...
FIRE.
GAAHH!
...AT MORE THAN
150 MILES AN HOUR...
FIRE!
...TWICE THE SPEED
OF A HUMAN SWING.
GO, GO, GO, GO, GO!
FIRE!
ONE MORE!
[ IMITATES EXPLOSION ]
MM!
THAT'S NOT BAD.
I THINK THAT'S READY
FOR ROCKETS.
[ LAUGHS ]
OUR RIG IS SET UP TO TEST
WHETHER OR NOT A BLADE
MOVING WITH ENOUGH SPEED
CAN CUT CLEAN THROUGH A TARGET
WHILE LEAVING IT
COMPLETELY INTACT.
BUT FIRST, WE'RE GONNA DO
A DRY RUN WITHOUT A TARGET
JUST TO MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING WORKS SMOOTHLY.
PERFECT.
¶¶
Brian:
FOR THIS DRY-RUN TEST,
WE'RE LOOKING
FOR THREE THINGS --
ARE OUR TRACKS ALIGNED,
ARE WE GETTING THE FORCES
WE NEED FROM THE ROCKET,
AND WHAT IS THE OPTIMUM
POSITION FOR OUR TARGET?
¶¶
EYES AND EARS
AND HATS ON.
SO COOL.
OH, I'M NERVOUS.
[ Laughing ]
HERE WE GO.
ROCKET SLED DRY TEST
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
I THINK THAT'S SUCCESSFUL.
IT'S LIKE CHRISTMAS.
FIREWORKS.
OH, IT'S BEAUTIFUL!
[ LAUGHS ]
WE'RE GOOD.
WELL...
LIKE, IT HIT THE END OF
THE TRACK, AND IT WENT "AAH!"
¶¶
THE ROCKET SLED PERFORMED
EXACTLY HOW I WANTED IT TO.
¶¶
EVERYTHING WORKED FANTASTICALLY.
IN TERMS OF POWER AND SPEED,
I THINK WE GOT IT.
I THINK I'M GONNA
JUST WIPE IT DOWN,
GET SOME OF THE SCHMUTZ OFF,
AND TIGHTEN A FEW THINGS,
AND WE'LL SET UP
FOR THE NEXT TEST.
Narrator: IT'S A MAGNIFICENT
AND TERRIFYING SIGHT
TO BEHOLD -- A RAZOR-SHARP BLADE
POWERED BY ROCKETS
LAUNCHED AT 165 MILES AN HOUR.
OUR DRY RUN WENT GREAT.
WE GOT THE RESULTS
WE WERE LOOKING FOR.
BUT BEFORE WE GRADUATE
TO THE FINAL EVENT,
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
A SOFT-TARGET TEST.
[ ROOSTER CROWS ]
[ IMITATING WINGS FLAPPING ]
HOO!
OKAY, JUST STAY HERE,
AND I WILL BE RIGHT BACK.
¶¶
IGNITION...ENGAGED.
OH. OH, THERE IT IS.
UH-OH.
OKAY.
I WILL COUNT YOU DOWN,
BROTHER.
OH, I CAN'T WAIT TO FIRE
AT A CHICKEN.
[ Laughing ] OKAY.
ROCKET BLADE SLED
AT TARGET.
JUST STAY THERE, CHICKEN!
IT'LL BE OKAY!
[ CHICKEN CLUCKS ]
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
[ LAUGHS ]
Jon: OH!
OH, NO!
MY FOOD!
WELL, ACTUALLY...
BRING IT ON OVER.
...IT'S A PRETTY GOOD
HALF CHICKEN.
WHOA!
THAT'S NOT BAD.
LOOK AT THIS!
IT CUT THROUGH THE BONE
THE LONG WAY.
[ LAUGHS ]
THAT IS A PERFECT CUT
THROUGH THERE.
THAT'S IMPRESSIVE.
WHOA!
OKAY. THAT BLADE TRAVELED
STRAIGHT THROUGH THE CHICKEN.
SUPER-CLEAN CUT.
LOOK AT THAT JUICE
FLYING EVERYWHERE.
IT'S BARELY -- OH.
[ Laughing ]
AND THEN IT GETS...
OH!
...IT GETS RAILROADED.
Narrator: SO, THERE'S
A SLIGHT PROBLEM WITH THE RIG.
¶¶
THE BACK END OF THE SLED
CRASHES INTO THE TARGET.
IF THERE WAS A DRAMATIC PAUSE,
IT WAS RUN OVER.
¶¶
FOR THE FINAL TEST,
THE GUYS ADD A BACKSTOP.
OH, AND A ZOMBIE.
Brian: TO TEST THIS, WE NEED
A TARGET TO FIT THE MYTH.
THAT'S WHY WE HAVE A ZOMBIE.
THIS IS LARRY.
HE USED TO BE ONE
OF OUR "MYTHBUSTERS"
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTS,
THAT IS, UNTIL THE OUTBREAK.
BUT NOW HE'S VOLUNTEERED
TO BE OUR TARGET.
THANKS, LARRY!
[ High-pitched voice ]
YOU'RE WELCOME, JON!
¶¶
I'LL TURN THE KEY.
YOU FLIP THE SWITCH.
SURE.
BAD BOYS FOR LIFE.
HERE WE GO.
OKAY.
ROCKET BLADE TEST
WITH VERY NERVOUS ZOMBIE
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
OH! [ LAUGHS ]
OH!
WHAT THE HELL
IS GOING ON?
FIRE EXTINGUISHER, PLEASE.
¶¶
[ LAUGHS ]
THAT WAS SPECTACULAR.
¶¶
OH! [ LAUGHS ]
YOU READY FOR THIS?
YEAH.
OH!
IT CHOPPED THROUGH SKIN,
TISSUE, BONE.
WAIT.
WHERE'S THE HEAD?
[ Laughing ]
WHERE  IS THE HEAD, MAN?
OH!
[ LAUGHS ]
WHEW!
IT SCARED ME A BIT.
OH!
LET'S LOOK AT THE...
OHHH!
LOOK HOW CLEAN THIS CUT IS!
THAT'S INCREDIBLE.
LIKE, THE BONE
AND THE FLESH, MAN.
CLEAN CUT!
HOWEVER, I DID SEE
THE HEAD ROLL OFF.
BUT I CAN'T TELL IF IT WAS
'CAUSE EVERYTHING WAS SHAKING
OR IF IT STAYED
AND THEN LOPPED OFF.
WE'LL HAVE TO CHECK
THE HIGH-SPEED.
HERE...WE...GO.
Brian: OH.
HERE IT COMES.
¶¶
SLICING IT.
[ GASPS, LAUGHS ]
OH!
THAT COULD NOT HAVE
MORE PRECISION OR POWER.
BUT YOU CAN SEE, AS THE BLADE
IS DRAWING ACROSS OUR TARGET,
THAT IT, LIKE,
STARTS TO PUSH INTO IT,
AND IT CAUSES
THE HEAD TO
[IMITATES EXPLOSION]
ROLL OFF.
YEAH, LIKE, NO DELAY
EVEN ON HIGH-SPEED.
NOPE.
Narrator: THE MYTH,
MUCH LIKE THE BURNING REMAINS
OF THE ROCKET SLED...
[ GASPS ]
FLAMES EVERYWHERE!
...IS TOAST.
OH, IT'S BEAUTIFUL!
FIREWORKS.
¶¶
DELAYED CAUSALITY --
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I MEAN, EVEN WITH OUR ROCKET
SLED AND A SUPER-SHARP BLADE,
COULDN'T GET
THE HEAD TO STAY ON.
YEAH, WORKS GREAT IN THE MOVIES,
BUT IN REAL LIFE -- BUSTED.
BUSTED.
[ High-pitched voice ]
BUSTED!
¶¶
I'M JUST GLAD THE WORLD'S
SAFER WITH ONE LESS ZOMBIE.
¶¶
[ MAN LAUGHS EVILLY ]
COMING UP, THE MYTH OF
THE FOOT-RESTING PASSENGER...
SPEED -- 26 MILES PER HOUR.
Narrator:
...HITS THE END OF THE ROAD.
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
[ CRASH ]
¶¶
COUNTDOWN.
THREE, TWO, ONE.
HE STARTS ROLLING.
EVERYTHING'S LOOKING
PRETTY SMOOTH.
HE'S CALLING OUT...
5 MILES PER HOUR.
Jon: "...12 MILES AN HOUR,"
AND I'M LIKE,
"HEY, IS THAT CAR VEERING OFF?"
SPEED -- 26 MILES PER HOUR.
SHOULD WE ABORT THIS THING?
THE CAR GOES "WREECK!"
BOOM!
¶¶
AIRBAGS DEPLOY PERFECTLY.
DIDN'T SEEM TOO BAD.
BUT THEN YOU GET INTO THE CAR,
AND YOU SEE THE DAMAGE
DONE TO THE SynDaver...
OH, NO. THERE'S SMOKE
COMING OUT OF HER FOOT!
COME ON!
...WITH THAT FOOT
JUST HANGING OFF THE DASH.
SKIN'S BEEN RIPPED OFF
THE TOE,
COMPLETE
ANKLE DISLOCATION.
AND THAT'S JUST WHAT
I CAN SEE FROM HERE.
SUPER-GRUESOME, BUT THEN
YOU REALIZE HOW AWESOME IT IS
TO HAVE THE SynDaver
FOR OUR TESTS.
[ CRASH ]
IT'S GOT
EVERY BONE, MUSCLE FIBER,
VEIN, SKIN TISSUE
THAT WE CAN ANALYZE
TO SEE WHAT REAL DAMAGE
WOULD OCCUR
TO A REAL HUMAN BEING.
[ CRASH ]
¶¶
Narrator: BUT BEFORE
THE GUYS SEND THE PATIENT OFF
FOR AN X-RAY...
[ FORKLIFT BEEPING ]
...MR. BOOMER
TAKES HIS TURN AT THE WHEEL.
¶¶
Brian: THIS TIME,
OUR CARELESS GENTLEMAN
HAS HIS FEET
FLAT AGAINST THE DASH.
I THINK THIS IS THE BEST CHANCE
OF DOING SOME DAMAGE.
KNEES ARE UP, UP INTO THE CHEST,
UP INTO THE FACE.
ALL RIGHT, BRIAN.
YOU READY?
GOOD TO TOW.
[go]
[ CHUCKLES ] NICE.
OKAY.
FEET AGAINST DASH
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
5 MILES PER HOUR.
TOW RIG IS LOOKING GOOD.
15 MILES PER HOUR.
SPEED...
WHOA!
...26 MILES PER HOUR.
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
OH. OKAY.
STOP.
[ GLASS SHATTERING ]
OH.
THERE GOES THE CAMERA.
OKAY.
THAT WAS INTERESTING.
YOU WANT TO COME
DOWN HERE, BRIAN?
SO, THAT DIDN'T
QUITE GO AS PLANNED.
THE CAR STARTED OUT NICE...
THEN BEGAN TO VEER.
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
IT WHIPPED AROUND
THE TARGET VEHICLE,
BUT THE AIRBAG WENT OFF...
[ CRASH ]
...WHICH IS INTERESTING TO US.
¶¶
HOW WOULD I SUM UP
WHAT JUST HAPPENED FOR OUR TEST?
WELL, EVEN THOUGH THE CAR
DIDN'T HIT THE CRASH BARRIER,
IT STILL CLIPPED THE SIGN
VIOLENTLY ENOUGH
TO FIRE OFF THAT AIRBAG.
Narrator:
AND THAT ALONE
CAUSED
SOME SEVERE LOWER-LEG DAMAGE.
BUT THE MYTH PARAMETERS
REQUIRE AN AIRBAG DEPLOYMENT
IN CONJUNCTION WITH AN IMPACT.
SO A QUICK REALIGNMENT
OF THE TOW RIG, AND...
Jon: SO, OBVIOUSLY WE'RE NOT
GONNA LEAVE IT AT THAT.
WE'RE GONNA GET
A NEW AIRBAG IN THERE
AND DO IT ONE MORE TIME.
HAVEN'T YOU LEARNED
ANYTHING?!
¶¶
ALL RIGHT, BRIAN.
EVERYTHING IS IN POSITION.
YOU READY?
COPY. TOW IS GO.
OKAY.
FEET AGAINST DASH
IN THREE, TWO, ONE.
¶¶
5 MILES PER HOUR.
15 MILES PER HOUR.
OOH. YOU'RE FLYING
PRETTY TRUE, BRIAN.
SPEED -- 26 MILES PER HOUR.
¶¶
THAT WAS PERFECT!
[ SIGHS ]
SO NICE.
Narrator: SO, HOW DID
OUR VOLUNTEER FARE WITH HIS FEET
AGAINST THE DASH IN A CRASH?
SOLIDIFY YOURSELF
IN YOUR KNOWLEDGE
OF WHICH WAY FEET FACE.
OKAY.
OH!
THAT'S NOT SUPPOSED
TO HAPPEN, NO?
NO.
IT DOESN'T LOOK GOOD.
BUT IT'S TIME TO FIND OUT
THE TRUE EXTENT OF THE INJURIES.
TWO ACCIDENTS LIKE THIS
IN A DAY -- WHAT ARE THE ODDS?
X-RAY?
X-RAY.
¶¶
OH, THAT'S PRETTY UNSTABLE.
YEAH, THAT'S DEFINITELY
BROKEN THERE.
YEAH,
THAT'S BROKEN THERE, TOO.
YEAH, WE SHOULD
DEFINITELY GET A PELVIS
AND A HIP X-RAY OVER HERE.
¶¶
SO, DEVON,
TWO DIFFERENT SynDavers,
YOU'VE GONE THROUGH THEM.
WHAT DO YOU FIND?
WELL, BOTH OF THEM HAD
A PRETTY BAD ANKLE TRAUMA.
OUR SITUATION WITH THE FEMALE
PATIENT -- AS YOU CAN SEE,
SHE HAD A REALLY BAD
ANKLE FRACTURE,
WHICH WE SOMETIMES CALL
A PILON FRACTURE.
BAD INJURY, BUT SURVIVABLE.
OUR MALE PATIENT --
SIMILAR INJURY.
[ CRASH ]
BUT BOTH SURVIVABLE.
SO INJURY,
BUT NOTHING LETHAL.
SURVIVABLE INJURIES ONLY.
Narrator: AS GRUESOME
AS THE HIGH-SPEED FOOTAGE IS,
THE ANATOMICALLY ACCURATE
SynDavers...
[ CRASH ]
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
...PROVE THE INJURIES
ARE RESTRICTED
TO THE FEET AND ANKLES.
¶¶
I MEAN, IT'S JUST SO CLOSE
TO PLAUSIBLE,
BUT IT'S DEFINITELY BUSTED.
BUSTED.
NASTY, THOUGH.
YEAH.
I DEFINITELY WON'T BE PUTTING
MY FEET ON THE DASH ANYMORE.
NAH.
THAT WAS A GOOD DAY,
THOUGH.
I LIKE HOW, LIKE, ON VIDEO,
THIS IS, LIKE,
THE BIT OF THE NEWS
WHERE THEY CUT AWAY,
BUT THEY'RE STILL SHUFFLING,
AND THEY'RE BOTH TALKING
TO EACH OTHER.
LIKE, WHAT DO
THEY TALK ABOUT?
OR JUST, LIKE,
TALK ABOUT NONSENSE.
¶¶
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org